     \----------------------------------\
      \                                  \        __
       \   The best way to build and      \       | \
        >   deploy your iOS apps to:       >------|  \       ______  
       /     www.testflightapp.com        /       --- \_____/**|_|_\____  |
      /                                  /          \_______ --------- __>-}
     /----------------------------------/              /  \_____|_____/   |
                                                     *         |
                                                              {O}



     /*\       /*\                /*\       /*\          /*\            /*\            /*\
    |***|     |***|              |***|     |***|        |***|          |***|          |***|
     \*/       \*/    ____        \*/       \*/          \*/            \*/            \*/
      |         |     |  |         |         |            |              |              |
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^															 
  art by Denis Rabusseau, rabussea@jack.greco-prog.fr 


= Introduction

If you have ever developed an iOS app, you most likely have had to deal with the tedious tasks of manually building, packaging, 
checking in, tagging, and distributing your iOS applications to your testers through testflightapp.com. 

If you haven't, i would highly recommend you do this, at least once, manually! Then you would truly be able to appreciate this gem. ;)


This gem is going to make your life much easier. Here is what it does:

1. Reads your Xcode project file to determine your app version and build number 
2. Optionally, commits all your changes to the git repository (by, first, asking you about what has changed)
3. Builds your project (or workspace)
4. Packages your application into an IPA file
5. Uploads the IPA file to testflightapp.com
6. Optinally, tags your project with the version and the build
7. Optionally, increments your app build number and commits it to the repo
8. Keeps a log of all your deployments to testflightapp.com in a FLIGHTLOG file

All that with a simple command:

$ testflight takeoff



= Installation

  gem install testflight

if you are using rbenv, you might need to run:

  $ rbenv rehash


= Configuration

To setup your project with the deployment script, run the following command from within your Xcode project folder:

  $ testflight checkin

This command will ask you a few questions about your project, which will result in creation of .tesflight file in your project folder. 

If you don't like being asked questions and prefer to configure your project manually, just create a .tesflight file yourself and provide the following information:

  build:
    developer_name:     "My Company Inc"  # This must be your company name or your name as it appears in your .cer from Apple
    increment_bundle:   true              # If you want each deployment to increment your build number
    architecture:       armv7
    configuration:   	  Release           # In Xcode 5, it must be set to release
    sdk:                iphoneos
  git:
    commit_changes:     true   # if you are using git and would like to push changes before each build 
    tag_build:          true   # will tag each build in git
  testflight: 
    api_token:          "abcdefghijklmnop"   # Get it from https://testflightapp.com/account/#api
    team_token:         "abcdefghijklmnop"   # Get it from https://testflightapp.com/dashboard/team/edit/
    distribution_lists: ["Developers", "Testers", "Everyone"] # Configure your distribution lists at https://testflightapp.com


= Execution

Once you have checked in (which is done only once per project), you are ready for takeoff. 

Go to your project folder and simply type:

   $ testflight takeoff

Have a safe flight!


= Authors

Michael Berkovich


= Contribution

Clone the repository, make any changes you like and send me a pull request.


